README.md, before:


[![Build & Test](https://github.com/Flinsch/flangee77/actions/workflows/cmake-multi-platform.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Flinsch/flangee77/actions/workflows/cmake-multi-platform.yml)

# flangee77
*An unlikely modular game framework*

This framework is so unlikely that you probably shouldn't use it at all! I
mean, you *can* use it, of course. It's here, under the MIT license. So go
ahead! But you would certainly be better off using other frameworks or even
game engines, whether they are quadruple-A tier or free to use.

So, what exactly is all this about, you ask? Haha, good question! I'll try to give a
somewhat comprehensible answer to that, see [here](docs/personal-intention.md).

Is there really no reason to use this framework? Let me try to make a case
distinction:

- Are you a professional video game developer? Then you should definitely not
  use this framework and instead go for something really professional: an
  off-the-shelf engine or an in-house engine from your company.
- Are you an indie[^1] video game developer? Then you are interested in
  getting a finished game pretty soon and should use an engine that helps you
  with &ldquo;everything&rdquo; and not just a framework where you still have
  to build a lot of things yourself.
- Are you a hobbyist video game developer? Then the question is what your
  intention is: Do you really want to do game development that will produce a
  finished product? Then the same answer applies to you as to the indie
  developer. Or are you like me and prefer to build &ldquo;everything&rdquo;
  yourself because it's fun and the journey is the goal, not necessarily a
  finished game, even though that would still be welcome? Well, then the
  recommendation is not necessarily a full-fledged engine, but still another,
  mature framework. Or you can do what I did and build your own framework (or
  even your own engine).

[^1]: Of course, you can still be a professional as an indie developer, that's
for sure. Please don't get me wrong here!

You see, there are &ldquo;not many&rdquo; reasons to use this framework. But
hey, maybe you're thinking, *haha, I'll outsmart this guy by using his
framework precisely because of that!*

In this case, yes: Welcome, my friend!

Commit message:

Prepare code style guide (which I have not yet followed in this form myself); adjust README a bit

README.md, after:


[![Build & Test](https://github.com/Flinsch/flangee77/actions/workflows/cmake-multi-platform.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Flinsch/flangee77/actions/workflows/cmake-multi-platform.yml)

# flangee77
*An unlikely modular game framework*

---

This framework is so unlikely that you probably shouldn't use it at all! I
mean, you _can_ use it, of course. It's here, under the MIT license. So go
ahead! But you would certainly be better off using other frameworks or even
game engines, whether they are quadruple-A tier or free to use.

So, what exactly is all this about, you ask? Haha, good question! I'll try to give a
somewhat comprehensible answer to that, see [here](docs/personal-intention.md).

Is there really no reason to use this framework? Let me try to make a case
distinction:

- Are you a professional video game developer? Then you should definitely not
  use this framework and instead go for something really professional: an
  off-the-shelf engine or an in-house engine from your company.
- Are you an indie[^1] video game developer? Then you are interested in
  getting a finished game pretty soon and should use an engine that helps you
  with &ldquo;everything&rdquo; and not just a framework where you still have
  to build a lot of things yourself.
- Are you a hobbyist video game developer? Then the question is what your
  intention is: Do you really want to do game development that will produce a
  finished product? Then the same answer applies to you as to the indie
  developer. Or are you like me and prefer to build &ldquo;everything&rdquo;
  yourself because it's fun and the journey is the goal, not necessarily a
  finished game, even though that would still be welcome? Well, then the
  recommendation is not necessarily a full-fledged engine, but still another,
  mature framework. Or you can do what I did and build your own framework (or
  even your own engine).

[^1]: Of course, you can still be a professional as an indie developer, that's
for sure. Please don't get me wrong here!

I don't want to start a big discussion about whether and when you should use
which framework/engine or even build your own, but you see: there are
&ldquo;not many&rdquo; reasons to use _this_ framework. But hey, maybe you're
thinking, _haha, I'll outsmart this guy by using his framework precisely
because of that!_

In this case, yes: Welcome, my friend!

---
