docs/code-style-guide.md, before:


# Code Style Guide

This document outlines the coding conventions for the project. Following these
guidelines ensures consistent and readable code throughout the project.

---

## Class Structure and Member Order

- **Access specifiers**: `public` &rarr; `protected` &rarr; `private`
- **Member order** (within each access specifier section):
  - Constants and type definitions
    - (Static) constants and constant expressions
    - Type aliases
    - Nested classes
  - Constructors, destructor, etc.
    - Default constructor
    - Parameterized constructors
    - Copy constructor
    - Copy assignment operator
    - Move constructor (`noexcept`)
    - Move assignment operator (`noexcept`)
    - Destructor (`noexcept`)
    - Swap operation (`noexcept`)
  - Prototypes and implementations
    - (Pure) virtual functions
    - Overridden (virtual) functions
    - Final (virtual) functions
  - &ldquo;Regular&rdquo; (non-virtual) functions
  - Accessors and mutators (getters and setters)
  - Operator overloads
    - Unary increment/decrement operators (`++`, `--`)
    - Comparison operators (`==`, `!=`, `<`, `>`, `<=`, `>=`)
    - Arithmetic operators (unary `+`/`-`, `+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, `%`, `+=`, `-=`, `*=`, `/=`, `%=`)
    - Bitwise operators (`~`, `&`, `|`, `^`, `&=`, `|=`, `^=`)
    - Logical operators (`!`, `&&`, `||`)
    - Stream operators (`<<`, `>>`, `<<=`, `>>=`)
    - Member access operators (`[]`, `*`, `&`, `->`, `->*`)
    - Conversion operators
  - Static functions
  - Variables
    - Static class variables
    - Instance variables
  - Friend declarations (or optionally at the very beginning of the class)

The same order tends to apply to a `struct` as well, but with one crucial
difference: variables are all public and come immediately after constants and
type definitions&mdash;if there are any, otherwise variables are right at the
beginning of the `struct`, in any case before possible constructors etc.

## `class` vs. `struct`

- If **any member variable** is **non-public** then there is an **invariant**
  and you should use `class`.
- Conversely, if **all member variables** are **public** and therefore can vary
  **independently**, you could/should use `struct`.
- However, in (rather rare) cases of need, a `struct` _may_ also contain
  private auxiliary methods, etc.
- When in doubt, use `class` rather than `struct`.

## Constructors, destructors, etc.

- If you can avoid defining any default operation, do so (**rule of zero**).
- If you **define** or **delete** any **copy**, **move**, or **destructor**
  operation, define or delete them all (**rule of five**).
- A base class destructor should be either **public and virtual**, or
  **protected and non-virtual**.
- Define and initialize data members in the order of member declaration.
- By default, declare single-argument constructors as `explicit`.
- Make move, destructor, and `swap` operations `noexcept`.
- Default constructors, parameterized constructors, and copy operations also
  preferably &ldquo;want&rdquo; to be `noexcept` if possible.
- Make copy/move assignments safe for self-assignment.
- Use factory functions if you need &ldquo;virtual behavior&rdquo; during
  construction/destruction.

## Other default operations

- Make `==` etc. symmetric with respect of operand types and `noexcept`.
- Beware of `==` etc. on base classes.
- Make `hash` etc. `noexcept`.

---

## Spacing and Indentation

- Use **4 spaces** per indentation level. Do not use tabs (the tab key is okay,
  but not the tab character `\t`).
- Use **4 spaces** indent width for line continuation as well.

## Line Breaks

- Place **one to three blank lines** between logical sections of code for
  readability.
- Avoid excessive vertical spacing that would go beyond this.
- Avoid trailing whitespace at the end of lines.
- Insert an empty line at the end of a file.

## Maximum Line Length

- Limit lines to **80-100** characters.
- However, this is a soft limit that should not be adhered to if there are good
  reasons.
- Comments should not exceed 84 characters.
  Why 84? It has something to do with my favorite number, 7.
  Now please don't ask any more questions!

---

## Curly Bracket Placement

- (Nearly) always break before braces.
- Exception: namespaces. Place the opening curly bracket on the same line here.
- Also use the same-line style for lambda function definitions.
- Don't indent braces themselves.

---

## Naming Conventions

- Use **UPPERCASE_UNDERSCORE** for constants, constant expressions, and macros.
- Use **lowercase_underscore** for functions and variables (also
  &ldquo;constant variables&rdquo;).
- Use **PascalCase** for the names of `class`, `struct`, and `enum` types, as
  well as for `enum` entries.
- Depending on their purpose, `enum` entries may follow the conventions for
  constants (UPPERCASE_UNDERSCORE) or &ldquo;constant variables&rdquo;
  (lowercase_underscore).
- In rare cases, the names of `class` or `struct` types may also follow the
  lowercase_underscore convention (e.g., `byte_view`).
- Use **lowercase letters (without underscores)** for namespaces.
- Prefix **protected** and **private** functions and variables with a single underscore
  (`_`).

Commit message:

Add exception to rule of five for "interface classes"

docs/code-style-guide.md, after:


# Code Style Guide

This document outlines the coding conventions for the project. Following these
guidelines ensures consistent and readable code throughout the project.

---

## Class Structure and Member Order

- **Access specifiers**: `public` &rarr; `protected` &rarr; `private`
- **Member order** (within each access specifier section):
  - Constants and type definitions
    - (Static) constants and constant expressions
    - Type aliases
    - Nested classes
  - Constructors, destructor, etc.
    - Default constructor
    - Parameterized constructors
    - Copy constructor
    - Copy assignment operator
    - Move constructor (`noexcept`)
    - Move assignment operator (`noexcept`)
    - Destructor (`noexcept`)
    - Swap operation (`noexcept`)
  - Prototypes and implementations
    - (Pure) virtual functions
    - Overridden (virtual) functions
    - Final (virtual) functions
  - &ldquo;Regular&rdquo; (non-virtual) functions
  - Accessors and mutators (getters and setters)
  - Operator overloads
    - Unary increment/decrement operators (`++`, `--`)
    - Comparison operators (`==`, `!=`, `<`, `>`, `<=`, `>=`)
    - Arithmetic operators (unary `+`/`-`, `+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, `%`, `+=`, `-=`, `*=`, `/=`, `%=`)
    - Bitwise operators (`~`, `&`, `|`, `^`, `&=`, `|=`, `^=`)
    - Logical operators (`!`, `&&`, `||`)
    - Stream operators (`<<`, `>>`, `<<=`, `>>=`)
    - Member access operators (`[]`, `*`, `&`, `->`, `->*`)
    - Conversion operators
  - Static functions
  - Variables
    - Static class variables
    - Instance variables
  - Friend declarations (or optionally at the very beginning of the class)

The same order tends to apply to a `struct` as well, but with one crucial
difference: variables are all public and come immediately after constants and
type definitions&mdash;if there are any, otherwise variables are right at the
beginning of the `struct`, in any case before possible constructors etc.

## `class` vs. `struct`

- If **any member variable** is **non-public** then there is an **invariant**
  and you should use `class`.
- Conversely, if **all member variables** are **public** and therefore can vary
  **independently**, you could/should use `struct`.
- However, in (rather rare) cases of need, a `struct` _may_ also contain
  private auxiliary methods, etc.
- When in doubt, use `class` rather than `struct`.

## Constructors, destructors, etc.

- If you can avoid defining any default operation, do so (**rule of zero**).
- If you **define** or **delete** any **copy**, **move**, or **destructor**
  operation, define or delete them all (**rule of five**).
- Exception to the rule of five: classes that act as an **interface** and have
  a (public) **virtual default destructor** for this purpose may (and should)
  skip the other four.
- A base class destructor should be either **public and virtual**, or
  **protected and non-virtual**.
- Define and initialize data members in the order of member declaration.
- By default, declare single-argument constructors as `explicit`.
- Make move, destructor, and `swap` operations `noexcept`.
- The default constructor, parameterized constructors, and copy operations also
  preferably &ldquo;want&rdquo; to be `noexcept` if possible.
- Make copy/move assignments safe for self-assignment.
- Use factory functions if you need &ldquo;virtual behavior&rdquo; during
  construction/destruction.

## Other default operations

- Make `==` etc. symmetric with respect of operand types and `noexcept`.
- Beware of `==` etc. on base classes.
- Make `hash` etc. `noexcept`.

---

## Spacing and Indentation

- Use **4 spaces** per indentation level. Do not use tabs (the tab key is okay,
  but not the tab character `\t`).
- Use **4 spaces** indent width for line continuation as well.

## Line Breaks

- Place **one to three blank lines** between logical sections of code for
  readability.
- Avoid excessive vertical spacing that would go beyond this.
- Avoid trailing whitespace at the end of lines.
- Insert an empty line at the end of a file.

## Maximum Line Length

- Limit lines to **80-100** characters.
- However, this is a soft limit that should not be adhered to if there are good
  reasons.
- Comments should not exceed 84 characters.
  Why 84? It has something to do with my favorite number, 7.
  Now please don't ask any more questions!

---

## Curly Bracket Placement

- (Nearly) always break before braces.
- Exception: namespaces. Place the opening curly bracket on the same line here.
- Also use the same-line style for lambda function definitions.
- Don't indent braces themselves.

---

## Naming Conventions

- Use **UPPERCASE_UNDERSCORE** for constants, constant expressions, and macros.
- Use **lowercase_underscore** for functions and variables (also
  &ldquo;constant variables&rdquo;).
- Use **PascalCase** for the names of `class`, `struct`, and `enum` types, as
  well as for `enum` entries.
- Depending on their purpose, `enum` entries may follow the conventions for
  constants (UPPERCASE_UNDERSCORE) or &ldquo;constant variables&rdquo;
  (lowercase_underscore).
- In rare cases, the names of `class` or `struct` types may also follow the
  lowercase_underscore convention (e.g., `byte_view`).
- Use **lowercase letters (without underscores)** for namespaces.
- Prefix **protected** and **private** functions and variables with a single underscore
  (`_`).
